Vocal Line
[Usher] Now, jurymen, hear my advice,
All kinds of vulgar prejudice
I pray you set aside,
I pray you set aside:
With stern judicial frame of mind,
From bias free of ev'ry kind,
This trial must be tried!
[Chorus] From bias free of ev'ry kind,
[Usher] Oh, listen to the plaintiff's case:
Observe the features of her face,
The broken hearted bride.
Condole with her distress of mind:
From bias free of ev'ry kind,
This trial must be tried!
[Chorus] From bias free of ev'ry kind,
[Usher] And when, amid the plaintiff's shrieks,
The ruffianly defendant speaks,
Upon the other side;
What he may say you needn't mind.
From bias free of ev'ry kind,
This trial must be tried!
[Chorus] From bias free of ev'ry kind,
[Defendant] Is this the Court of the Exchequer?
[Chorus] It is!
[Defendant] Be firm, be firm, my pecker!
Your evil star's in the ascendant!
[Chorus] Who are you?
[Defendant] I'm the Defendant!
[Chorus] Monster, dread our damages.
We're the Jury,
Dread our fury!
[Defendant] Hear me, hear me, if you please,
These are very strange proceedings:
For, permit me to remark,
On the merits of my pleadings,
You're at present in the dark.
[Chorus] That's a very true remark,
On the merits of his pleadings,
We're entirely in the dark!
Ha! Ha! Ho! Ho!